---
layout: post
title:  "Extra Life 2016"
categories: [ technical ]
image: assets/images/luminar_extra_life.png
comments: true
---
Extra Life is a major yearly fundraising event where the proceeds go to branches of the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals. I did this with a group of friends that I was playing with in the game The Secret World participated in a relatively large 24 hour event for the Extra Life charity that involved hundreds of players in game. Our Extra Life team managed to donate a combined **$1,645 dollars across 51 donations** to charity and was among the top 15% of teams that year!

This was more of a fun one off kind of thing I did. Prior to this I've never really used GitHub Pages to create a website, and wanted to make something useful to help our team, and do some experimentation with how far I could take a site on GitHub Pages and what kind of simple things I can do with some simple JavaScript and Bootstrap. It's not too hard to set it up but it takes a while to get used to modifying JavaScript and Bootstrap code to fit exactly what you need when you've never touched Javascript before or used much Bootstrap.

[Luminar Extra Life 2016 Site](https://ljameshu.github.io/LuminarExtraLife/)

[Luminar Extra Life Code](https://github.com/LJamesHu/LuminarExtraLife)

I also created some python code to randomize some in game items into equally sized groups of three items. Pretty simple but useful code as it allowed us to get new items and still randomize things well.

[Luminar Extra Life Code](https://github.com/LJamesHu/LuminarExtraLife/blob/master/itembundler.py)